title: 'Job opportunity- International Consultant, Policy analysis for adoption of regional salt reduction targets- PAHO'
start_date: '2020-03-23'
end_date: '2020-03-30'
description: |
  <p>PAHO’s Department of Noncommunicable Diseases and Mental Health is seeking a consultant to draft technical reference documents and support the organization with strategic meetings to facilitate the adoption of regional targets for sodium content in food products, and the adoption and implementation of effective salt/sodium reduction policies.
  </p>
  <p>This is a short-term consultancy (7 months), to support the development and implementation of regional targets for reduction of salt content in different food categories and assist countries in the adoption and implementation of these targets.
  </p>
  <p>The incumbent must have a university degree in public health or related field from a recognized institution; and possess experience with public policies in food and nutrition. The assignment will require excellent analytical skills, writing skills, strategic thinking, initiative, and strong interpersonal skills, with a very good knowledge of English or Spanish, with a working knowledge of the other language. Candidates must be based in the USA to apply.
  </p>
  <p>Duty station: PAHO Headquarters in <a href="x-apple-data-detectors://0/0">Washington DC.</a>
  </p>
  <p>Compensation range: US$ <a href="tel:3500-4300">3500-4300</a>/monthly.
  </p>
  <p>If interested, please send a cover letter and CV by <a href="x-apple-data-detectors://1">30 March 2020</a> to: <a href="mailto:celisman@paho.org">celisman@paho.org</a>. Qualifying candidates that meet the job requirements will be invited to an interview afterwards.
  </p>
action_button: false
id: d04930dc-2c4a-4ffc-8f61-3aa7e3b8df25
published: false
blueprint: events
